Add missing env in contributing doc (#522)
astronomer/dag-factory: docs/contributing/howto.md

### Run unit tests

> Note: these tests create local Python virtual environments in a hatch-managed directory.

First, set the following environment variables:

```bash

> export AUTO_CONVERT_TO_AF3=true

Author: Added in note section

### Run unit tests

!!! note
    - These tests create local Python virtual environments in a hatch-managed directory.

>     - The `AUTO_CONVERT_TO_AF3` environment variable is required to run tests in the Airflow 3 environment.
> 
> First, set the following environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you have YAMLs written for Airflow 2 and would like them to be run for Airflow 3 tests, set the following environment variable for DAG Factory to convert and make them compatible with Airflow 3:
```
